h1. fetch

h2. What is it?

fetch is a full text search engine and server written in "go":http://golang.org/

h2. How?

bc. POST '{ "title": "My Blog Post", "body": "Ruby is the bomb..." }' /blog/posts/5 (/:index/:scope/:id)

h3. Pipeline

JSON parts -> Tokenizer -> Analyzer -> Storage

h3. Tokenzier

bc. String -> TokenChan

h3. Analyzer

Tokens maybe have a type/flag/something and analyzers only work on certain filters?

bc. TokenChan -> email -> superstrip(invalid characters, ascii, strip, lowercase) -> stopword -> stemming -> double_metaphone -> ngram? -> TokenChan

h3. Storage

bc.. storage.Index(index, scope, id, field, tokens)

storage.Search(index, scope, query) # -> List of ids

h2. Quick start

TODO

h2. Hacking

# Install "gospec":https://github.com/orfjackal/gospec
# Install "git-flow":https://github.com/nvie/gitflow
# Fork the repo, clone, and run @./setup.bash@
# Use @git-flow@ to start a feature: @git flow feature start my-feature@
# Write code and tests
# Stage files (so @git ls-files@ picks them up) and run @./src/format.bash@ to format your source files according to @gotfmt@ and my settings. *DO THIS BEFORE COMMITTING.*
# Commit
# Repeat previous steps 5-7 until feature is complete.
# Use @git-flow@ to finish the feature: @git flow feature finish my-feature@
# Send a pull request.

The most important parts are tests and @gofmt@. If you don't have tests, or didn't run the formatting script, I'll tell you to go do that. If you continually ignore this hacking workflow, I'll start to continually ignore your pull requests!

h2. License and Authors

fetch is licensed under the terms of the Apache License, Version 2.0. See "LICENSE":https://github.com/darkhelmet/fetch/blob/master/LICENSE for details.

fetch was created by Daniel Huckstep. Type @git shortlog -s@ for a full list of contributors.

The Porter Stemming algorithm in @stemming.h@ is written by Martin Porter.

The Double Metaphone algorithm in @double_metaphone.h@ is written by Maurice Aubrey and used with permission to "do what [I] want with it".